GME bang home lineman search a Jamaican
cat hunger in Jakarta multi-bank
melancholic Java bang bang all in
Humberto you can get totally now banjo
no you quit okay yeah let me i
commenting how they come and in yellow
no me and my homeboy I love you while
you doubting a haven cambogia yo
angelically in my channel Bank hood yo
to me knocking on Yelp I look man y'all
tie a ribbon no idea somewhere homeboy
channel I prevent fellow Mo Kio my wall
on bang no doubt in my company lord I
know hang you like you okay don't fall
junga bang a movie on your day like no
yasai Maduro engine ah yeah okay yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay yeah yo Caleb and
humble to Pluto engine our loop running
out boy but you're not y'all and we do
yeah okay yeah yeah yeah okay I look
down to your diamond camo camo hey
horizontal table and find her yangon her
number yay yeah
okay yeah yeah
okay I somewhere come giggle or in the
dome like your your bangle on demand
mortgage okay no bumping older girl look
now all the bangles I'm a boo-boo
some little Tobin reset on him and
Highness absolute yet remember why I
like it okay no you can get it home yeah
now - yeah yeah yeah okay yeah yeah yeah
okay some ribbon thing would Dolan or
lucky night y'all awesome again money
with home care right doctor told you
told her name a bang but no girl
combined here someone my head a heck a
move on Sam Harmon of annoying of yolook
dolla hand gum